##############################
##############################

On motiviating the reason to continue:

You are sensitive to things at least as small as has been found around the
Kepler stars (uh, except Kepler47b, Rp=3Re. Everything else is bigger, in the
~4Re to 8Re range, except Kostov's 11Re planet).

>>>
Out of the 9 presently known circumbinary planet systems, all but one (Kepler
1647) are known to have an innermost planet within a factor of 2 of the inner
binary's critical semimajor axis.
Yet, most circumbinary planet searches (Doyle, Welsh, Orosz, Armstrong, Kostov)
have focused on a subset of Kepler-detected eclipsing binaries with P_EB>~1
day. [Kostov's search may, ish, have been an exception].
This has been justified on 1) theoretical and 2) practical grounds: 

1) P_EB<~1 day eclipsing binaries are thought to have formed through Kozai
Lidov cycles excited by a tertiary stellar companion, and subsequent tidal
friction (e.g., Tokovinin+ 2008, Eggleton 2012). The migratory environment
required to keep CBPs during such cycles may preclude, or at least complicate,
the existence of CBPs about short-period binaries (Lai & Munoz, Martin et al,
and the 3rd one, 2015). So why look, if one does not expect to find?

2) P_EB<~1 day eclipsing binaries have different light curve signatures from
longer period EBs. Subtracting out the EB signal and searching for CBP
signatures requires different methods between these two different regimes.
These differences, coupled with the above theoretical prior, led to an
observational preference for longer period binaries, e.g., discussed by Welsh
et al (2012) in the SI.

There have been suggestions [Welsh's conf proceedings], and a 2Ïƒ result
[Armstrong's paper] that "circumbinary planets are less common in coplanar
orbits around binaries" with P_EB ~5-10days "than around binaries of longer
period" ((NB: they write P_EB <~5-10 days. I think they MEAN P_EB~5-10 days,
but it's not so clear. How sensitive are they to the shorter period EBs?  If
just morph < 0.7, the debiased sample should be sensitive down to like ~1
day)). The significance of this result increases when allowing for instrinsic
distributions with greater mutual inclinations.

It would be surprising if this trend were to reverse. Yet, to date there has
been no test of whether P_EB<~5day ((or 1 day, if that's the Armstrong
result...)) binaries can be empirically ruled to host circumbinary planets with
lower rates of occurrence than better-separated binaries. This work performs
the empirical test. We do two things:

```
1. Search for CBPs around P<1 day binaries. (More specifically, morph>0.6
binaries from the KEBC). We find candidates X and Y.

2. Determine the certainty with which we can claim that the occurrence rate of
CBPs about P<1 day binaries decreases relative to longer period binaries. (A
new result, in that it probes down to shorter-period binaries than have yet
been investigated).
```

We find ((either:))
A) we can strongly say they decrease/increase. This is interesting either way.
B) we cannot strongly rule either way: i.e. the data are not constraining
enough (perhaps the greater inclination dispersion of the inner binary matters
more than was thought, or ). While frustrating, this would be interesting in
that it would clarify that we don't actually have strong empirical evidence for
the decrease in CBP occurrence rate in this regime. TESS would then provide it
for the first time.


